# Analyzing-Modeling-Yelp-Dataset
In the internet world, web service providers have the capability to collect and maintain large quantities of data, from their internet users. This data can be further processed and analyzed to better understand and also predict the requirements of their users. These service providers might be interested in targeting specific users, or groups of classified users (e.g. based on their geographic area, age, education, etc.), as a part of their business strategy. Prior to processing large quantities of data, the data would should be made ready for processing, in the preprocessing stage. For preprocessing large quantity of data, there are usually few necessary step to take. Based on their area of competence, necessary platform and tools should be identified for the propose of processing the data. Raw data could be made available, and integrated to relational databases, as their approach. To import the raw data to database, removing invalid data (Data Cleaning) should be performed. In this stage, any inconsistencies with datatypes at a minimum will be considered. The next stage of data cleaning usually takes place after the data is imported. This includes, verifiable inconsistencies, and missing relation between tables. Depending on the type of business, different sets of data might be process, and unrelated data can be removed from datasets to facilitate further processing. Unrelated data, might be complete sets of data, or subsets of data that the business would not have any interest in, or it is not the priority of the business. Lastly, large quantities of data made available in the database, should be indexed for faster processing. Indexing is done based on how the database will be cleaned (e.g. unrelated data, or inconsistent data) or reports and queries generated. For the part of this project we have imported raw data of Yelp to a MySQL database, and will do cleanups while measuring performance of the pre-processing cleanup, and conclude how this can be improved. Once the required data is ready to be processed, we will analyse data to further understand the available data and can understand different types of business in different cities and understand relation between businesses, their review and their ratings. 
